Issues arising while programming the parser:

1. Note that <measure> elements can be empty (i.e. <measure/>), but only when
   inside <global> elements. (Maybe make that clearer in the spec.)
2. §5.1 should explicitly list the allowed string representations for the
   duration classes. As it stands "*4", "*8" etc seem to be allowed, but
   these dont correspond to any real duration symbols (doubledoublewholenote,
   doubledoubledoublewholenote etc. dont exist).
3. §6.8.1 says
   "All directions within a directions parent element must be given an explicit
   measure location by supplying a location attribute. The default measure
   location is zero."
   Can the location attribute in a <directions><directions> be omitted or not?
4. §6.4.1 id attribute is missing for note
5. §6.6.2 should say that "tied" has Liaison Attributes (i.e. a "target" attribute)
6. §6.6.2 location is a "measure location" but can also have the values "incoming"
   and "outgoing". I'm assuming that the latter are forms of "measure location",
   and should be added to its definition...
   We really need a clear Regex for "metrical location", and more examples.
   See https://w3c.github.io/mnx/specification/common/#measure-location
   Apropos: I'd prefer not to allow the decimal representations of position.
   These just duplicate the other options, create unnecessary work for parsers,
   and will lead to tears in future...
   Its really quite difficult to know what the value "3.27" would mean...
   *Positions* should be defined in terms of *Durations*, so either they should
   both allow decimal fractions of whole notes, or neither should.
7. §6.7.2 should provide a formal (blue) definition of "slur".
8. §6.3.3 "beamed" elements have an optional "id" attribute (missing in the blue
   definition)
9. §4.10 I assume that the Note Value string can have an arbitrary number of
   'd's corresponding to the number of dots. That could be made more explicit.
   Actually, we really need a Regex expression that formally defines NoteValue's
   content, complemented perhaps by something like the existing informal description.
10. §6.3.5 I think Grace should, like Event and Tuplet, have an optional "staff" attribute.
11. §6.3 Needs a formal (blue) definition of Sequence, its context and contents.
    (Sequence content is defined in the text as: Directions, Beamed, Tuplet, Grace, Event
	and Forward. I think Forward is unnecessary. My parser does not expect to see it.)
12. §6.3 says "directions occurring within sequence content must omit this ("location")
    attribute as their location is determined during the procedure of sequencing the content."
	Perhaps it would be better to say that such "location" attributes will be ignored.
13. §6.3 I think "direction" is a bad name for a special type of object that is contained
    by the "directions" element. The "directions" element can contain lots of other types
	of element as well!	Perhaps a better name for "clef" etc. would be "instruction".
	The text in §6.3 would then	be much less confusing!
	Even better, would be to do things the other way round: Rename "directions" to
	"instructions" and call a "clef"-like object a "direction".